USA/CA/antiocha/README.md, before:

This readme should give people everything they need to maintain the scraper.

# Summary
Time period of crime statistics: 2006-current

_Remove fields that were collected_
## Fields that could not be obtained within the PDAP legal guidelines:
**Note:** the naming convention for these fields may not be consistent across data sources
* _id
* _state
* _county
* MiddleName
* Suffix
* DOB
* FilingDate
* OffenseDate
* DivisionName
* CaseStatus
* DefenseAttorney
* PublicDefender
* Judge
* ChargeCount
* ChargeStatute
* ChargeDescription
* ChargeDisposition
* ChargeDispositionDate
* ChargeOffenseDate
* ChargeCitationNum
* ChargePlea
* ChargePleaDate
* ArrestingOfficer
* ArrestingOfficerBadgeNumber

# How to locate the data source
Go to https://www.antiochca.gov/police/
Right side > Crime statistics > crime statistics


Eventually a scraper will be written for the [arrest reports](https://www.antiochca.gov/police/crime-statistics/adult-arrest-report/)


# Data refresh rate
Crime stats are yearly, with the exception of the current year, which I believe updates monthly


[Calls for service](https://www.antiochca.gov/police/crime-statistics/calls-for-service/) (**Not Scraped**) updates weekly.


[Adult arrest reports](https://www.antiochca.gov/police/crime-statistics/adult-arrest-report/) (**Not Scraped**) updates weekly (Pull on Monday)


# Sample response
In the folder, include a JSON payload, a PDF, or anything that is representative of what kind of data we get back when we run this scraper. Truncate it if necessary.

# Legal
Is there anything specific to this jurisdiction we should know as we work?

# Data uniformity
Cases are not scraped yet.

Commit message:

Adds new common scrapers & Updates scripts to utilize it. (#47)
* Moves extract_info to common folder

* Uses extract_info from common

* removed unneeded line

* Not needed

* Makes list_pdf_v2 an importable library

* Uses the new list_pdf_v2 library

* No longer needed with list_pdf_v2

* Unneeded line removed

* Update list_pdf.md

* Adds better url handling

* changes lsit_pdf_v2 function parameters

* update to reflect changes to list_pdf_v2 function

* Update README

* Updates citrus_college to use list_pdf_v2 function

* Updates to use new list_pdf_v2 function

* Update README

* Updats alameda to reflect not using update

* Not needed

* Moved to /template/

* Currently unknown if this will work.

* Updated to reflect the new list_pdf_v3 (not updated)

* Updated to reflect the new list_pdf_v2 (Do not update)

* Delete url_name.txt

* Updates as suggested in PR
https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Unneeded

* Updated per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Changes per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Fixes per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Adds explanation of the custom `get_info` to readme, and marks it's location in the code

* Documented why this script should not be updated to use common library

* Outdated comment removed

* Changed as suggested here
https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Provides some explanation to the base_scripts

USA/CA/antiocha/README.md, after:

This readme should give people everything they need to maintain the scraper.

# Summary

This scraper is **NOT** the default `list_pdf_scrapers`. 
This jurisdiction uses a different naming system.
Time period of crime statistics: 2006-current

_Remove fields that were collected_
## Fields that could not be obtained within the PDAP legal guidelines:
**Note:** the naming convention for these fields may not be consistent across data sources
* _id
* _state
* _county
* MiddleName
* Suffix
* DOB
* FilingDate
* OffenseDate
* DivisionName
* CaseStatus
* DefenseAttorney
* PublicDefender
* Judge
* ChargeCount
* ChargeStatute
* ChargeDescription
* ChargeDisposition
* ChargeDispositionDate
* ChargeOffenseDate
* ChargeCitationNum
* ChargePlea
* ChargePleaDate
* ArrestingOfficer
* ArrestingOfficerBadgeNumber

# How to locate the data source
Go to https://www.antiochca.gov/police/
Right side > Crime statistics > crime statistics


Eventually a scraper will be written for the [arrest reports](https://www.antiochca.gov/police/crime-statistics/adult-arrest-report/)


# Data refresh rate
Crime stats are yearly, with the exception of the current year, which I believe updates monthly


[Calls for service](https://www.antiochca.gov/police/crime-statistics/calls-for-service/) (**Not Scraped**) updates weekly.


[Adult arrest reports](https://www.antiochca.gov/police/crime-statistics/adult-arrest-report/) (**Not Scraped**) updates weekly (Pull on Monday)


# Sample response
In the folder, include a JSON payload, a PDF, or anything that is representative of what kind of data we get back when we run this scraper. Truncate it if necessary.

# Legal
Is there anything specific to this jurisdiction we should know as we work?

# Data uniformity
Cases are not scraped yet.
