template/README.md, before:

This readme should give people everything they need to maintain the scraper.  
Please stick to [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) when modifying this readme.  

# Summary
Is there anything in particular of note with the scraping landscape in this jurisdiction?  
Time period of data (e.g. 06/01/2017 to 03/20/2021)

# How to locate the data source
Give instructions for locating the data source. A URL for a JSON file is OK, but how did you navigate there?

# Data refresh rate
For example "daily at 8pm EST" or "every Friday, usually before noon"

# Sample response
In the folder, include a JSON payload, a PDF, or anything that is representative of what kind of data we get back when we run this scraper. Truncate it if necessary.

# Legal
Include the Terms of Service (or link to them). Is there anything else we should know?

## Fields that could not be obtained within the PDAP legal guidelines:
List which fields you had to omit to fall within legal guidelines.

# Data uniformity
Are cases or records numbered in a consistent (or inconsistent) way that might be helpful to note?

Commit message:

Revised template files for etl
- added placeholder etl.py
- revised scraper to call etl.py
- revised scraper on how to call from our /common modules
- revised readme.md with note on scrapers importing etl.py

template/README.md, after:

This readme should give people everything they need to maintain the scraper.


Please stick to [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) when modifying this readme.  

Note: Ensure your scraper calls the etl.py file. Even if there is nothing in there now, the scraped data will need to be loaded into our database and the etl.py file is what will handle that!

# Summary
Is there anything in particular of note with the scraping landscape in this jurisdiction?  
Time period of data (e.g. 06/01/2017 to 03/20/2021)

# How to locate the data source
Give instructions for locating the data source. A URL for a JSON file is OK, but how did you navigate there?

# Data refresh rate
For example "daily at 8pm EST" or "every Friday, usually before noon"

# Sample response
In the folder, include a JSON payload, a PDF, or anything that is representative of what kind of data we get back when we run this scraper. Truncate it if necessary.

# Legal
Include the Terms of Service (or link to them). Is there anything else we should know?

## Fields that could not be obtained within the PDAP legal guidelines:
List which fields you had to omit to fall within legal guidelines.

# Data uniformity
Are cases or records numbered in a consistent (or inconsistent) way that might be helpful to note?
