USA/CA/golden_west_college/README.md, before:

This readme should give people everything they need to maintain the scraper.

# Summary
Is there anything in particular of note with the scraping landscape in this jurisdiction?
Time period of data: 2017-2020

_Remove fields that were collected_
## Fields that could not be obtained within the PDAP legal guidelines:
**Note:** the naming convention for these fields may not be consistent across data sources
* _id
* _state
* _county
* CaseNum
* FirstName
* MiddleName
* LastName
* Suffix
* DOB
* Race
* Sex
* ArrestDate
* FilingDate
* OffenseDate
* DivisionName
* CaseStatus
* DefenseAttorney
* PublicDefender
* Judge
* ChargeCount
* ChargeStatute
* ChargeDescription
* ChargeDisposition
* ChargeDispositionDate
* ChargeOffenseDate
* ChargeCitationNum
* ChargePlea
* ChargePleaDate
* ArrestingOfficer
* ArrestingOfficerBadgeNumber

# How to locate the data source
Give instructions for locating the data source. A URL for a JSON file is OK, but how did you navigate there?

# Data refresh rate
Yearly ("Routinely")

# Sample response
See ./data/

# Legal
Is there anything specific to this jurisdiction we should know as we work?

# Data uniformity
Are cases or records numbered in a consistent (or inconsistent) way that might be helpful to note?

Commit message:

Adds new common scrapers & Updates scripts to utilize it. (#47)
* Moves extract_info to common folder

* Uses extract_info from common

* removed unneeded line

* Not needed

* Makes list_pdf_v2 an importable library

* Uses the new list_pdf_v2 library

* No longer needed with list_pdf_v2

* Unneeded line removed

* Update list_pdf.md

* Adds better url handling

* changes lsit_pdf_v2 function parameters

* update to reflect changes to list_pdf_v2 function

* Update README

* Updates citrus_college to use list_pdf_v2 function

* Updates to use new list_pdf_v2 function

* Update README

* Updats alameda to reflect not using update

* Not needed

* Moved to /template/

* Currently unknown if this will work.

* Updated to reflect the new list_pdf_v3 (not updated)

* Updated to reflect the new list_pdf_v2 (Do not update)

* Delete url_name.txt

* Updates as suggested in PR
https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Unneeded

* Updated per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Changes per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Fixes per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Adds explanation of the custom `get_info` to readme, and marks it's location in the code

* Documented why this script should not be updated to use common library

* Outdated comment removed

* Changed as suggested here
https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Provides some explanation to the base_scripts

USA/CA/golden_west_college/README.md, after:

This readme should give people everything they need to maintain the scraper.

# Summary

Uses `list_pdf_extractor_v3`- Custom `get_info`, **DO NOT** update to use `list_pdf_v3`. This is due to the file paths being `../../PATH` within the HTML, but not within the actual structure of the website.
Time period of data: 2017-2020

_Remove fields that were collected_
## Fields that could not be obtained within the PDAP legal guidelines:
**Note:** the naming convention for these fields may not be consistent across data sources
* _id
* _state
* _county
* CaseNum
* FirstName
* MiddleName
* LastName
* Suffix
* DOB
* Race
* Sex
* ArrestDate
* FilingDate
* OffenseDate
* DivisionName
* CaseStatus
* DefenseAttorney
* PublicDefender
* Judge
* ChargeCount
* ChargeStatute
* ChargeDescription
* ChargeDisposition
* ChargeDispositionDate
* ChargeOffenseDate
* ChargeCitationNum
* ChargePlea
* ChargePleaDate
* ArrestingOfficer
* ArrestingOfficerBadgeNumber

# How to locate the data source
Give instructions for locating the data source. A URL for a JSON file is OK, but how did you navigate there?

# Data refresh rate
Yearly ("Routinely")

# Sample response
See ./data/

# Legal
Is there anything specific to this jurisdiction we should know as we work?

# Data uniformity
Are cases or records numbered in a consistent (or inconsistent) way that might be helpful to note?
