USA/CA/beaumont/README.md, before:

This readme should give people everything they need to maintain the scraper.

# Summary
Is there anything in particular of note with the scraping landscape in this jurisdiction?
Time period of data 2019-2020

_Remove fields that were collected_
## Fields that could not be obtained within the PDAP legal guidelines:
**Note:** the naming convention for these fields may not be consistent across data sources
* _id
* _state
* _county
* CaseNum
* FirstName
* MiddleName
* LastName
* Suffix
* DOB
* Race
* Sex
* ArrestDate
* FilingDate
* OffenseDate
* DivisionName
* CaseStatus
* DefenseAttorney
* PublicDefender
* Judge
* ChargeCount
* ChargeStatute
* ChargeDescription
* ChargeDisposition
* ChargeDispositionDate
* ChargeOffenseDate
* ChargeCitationNum
* ChargePlea
* ChargePleaDate
* ArrestingOfficer
* ArrestingOfficerBadgeNumber

# How to locate the data source
Navigate to [home page](http://beaumontpd.org/)
Crime>Crime Statistics
Each year (except 2018, dead link) leads to a separate index. The scraper first scrapes this page, gets the yearly links, and then opens those to scrape the pdf links, before downloading them.

# Data refresh rate
2019-2020, 9/12 months for 2020

# Sample response
see /data/


# Legal
Is there anything specific to this jurisdiction we should know as we work?

# Data uniformity
http://beaumontpd.org/uniform-crime-reporting/, uses UCR

Commit message:

Adds new common scrapers & Updates scripts to utilize it. (#47)
* Moves extract_info to common folder

* Uses extract_info from common

* removed unneeded line

* Not needed

* Makes list_pdf_v2 an importable library

* Uses the new list_pdf_v2 library

* No longer needed with list_pdf_v2

* Unneeded line removed

* Update list_pdf.md

* Adds better url handling

* changes lsit_pdf_v2 function parameters

* update to reflect changes to list_pdf_v2 function

* Update README

* Updates citrus_college to use list_pdf_v2 function

* Updates to use new list_pdf_v2 function

* Update README

* Updats alameda to reflect not using update

* Not needed

* Moved to /template/

* Currently unknown if this will work.

* Updated to reflect the new list_pdf_v3 (not updated)

* Updated to reflect the new list_pdf_v2 (Do not update)

* Delete url_name.txt

* Updates as suggested in PR
https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Unneeded

* Updated per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Changes per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Fixes per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Adds explanation of the custom `get_info` to readme, and marks it's location in the code

* Documented why this script should not be updated to use common library

* Outdated comment removed

* Changed as suggested here
https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Provides some explanation to the base_scripts

USA/CA/beaumont/README.md, after:

This readme should give people everything they need to maintain the scraper.

# Summary

This scraper is **NOT** a list_pdf scraper, instead it uses `Selenium`. **DO NOT** attempt to update to use `bs_common` or `list_pdf_scrapers`
Time period of data 2019-2020

_Remove fields that were collected_
## Fields that could not be obtained within the PDAP legal guidelines:
**Note:** the naming convention for these fields may not be consistent across data sources
* _id
* _state
* _county
* CaseNum
* FirstName
* MiddleName
* LastName
* Suffix
* DOB
* Race
* Sex
* ArrestDate
* FilingDate
* OffenseDate
* DivisionName
* CaseStatus
* DefenseAttorney
* PublicDefender
* Judge
* ChargeCount
* ChargeStatute
* ChargeDescription
* ChargeDisposition
* ChargeDispositionDate
* ChargeOffenseDate
* ChargeCitationNum
* ChargePlea
* ChargePleaDate
* ArrestingOfficer
* ArrestingOfficerBadgeNumber

# How to locate the data source
Navigate to [home page](http://beaumontpd.org/)
Crime>Crime Statistics
Each year (except 2018, dead link) leads to a separate index. The scraper first scrapes this page, gets the yearly links, and then opens those to scrape the pdf links, before downloading them.

# Data refresh rate
2019-2020, 9/12 months for 2020

# Sample response
see /data/


# Legal
Is there anything specific to this jurisdiction we should know as we work?

# Data uniformity
http://beaumontpd.org/uniform-crime-reporting/, uses UCR
