USA/CA/alameda/README.md, before:

This readme should give people everything they need to maintain the scraper.

# Summary
Most data is private, only public data is the "Daily" activity log, monthly crime statistics, annual arrest and traffic statistics.
Time period of monthly stats: 02/2020 - 01/2021
Time period of annual arrest: 2016-2020

_Remove fields that were collected_
## Fields that could not be obtained within the PDAP legal guidelines:
**Note:** the naming convention for these fields may not be consistent across data sources
* _id
* _state
* _county
* CaseNum
* FirstName
* MiddleName
* LastName
* Suffix
* ArrestDate
* FilingDate
* OffenseDate
* DivisionName
* CaseStatus
* DefenseAttorney
* PublicDefender
* Judge
* ChargeCount
* ChargeStatute
* ChargeDescription
* ChargeDisposition
* ChargeDispositionDate
* ChargeOffenseDate
* ChargeCitationNum
* ChargePlea
* ChargePleaDate
* ArrestingOfficer
* ArrestingOfficerBadgeNumber

# How to locate the data source
On main page: https://www.alamedaca.gov/Departments/Police-Department/Crime-Activity
Click "Monthly Crime Statistics"

Set `webpage` to the page with the pdf lists


Open a few pdfs and get the common file path for them, and set that as `web_path`


Set the `domain` to the beginning of the document host.


# Data refresh rate
Unsure, daily bulletin seems to be two days behind, and the monthly is nearly two months behind.

# Sample response
In the folder, include a JSON payload, a PDF, or anything that is representative of what kind of data we get back when we run this scraper. Truncate it if necessary.

# Legal
Is there anything specific to this jurisdiction we should know as we work?

# Data uniformity
There are no specific cases. Data is similar to other departments.

Commit message:

Adds new common scrapers & Updates scripts to utilize it. (#47)
* Moves extract_info to common folder

* Uses extract_info from common

* removed unneeded line

* Not needed

* Makes list_pdf_v2 an importable library

* Uses the new list_pdf_v2 library

* No longer needed with list_pdf_v2

* Unneeded line removed

* Update list_pdf.md

* Adds better url handling

* changes lsit_pdf_v2 function parameters

* update to reflect changes to list_pdf_v2 function

* Update README

* Updates citrus_college to use list_pdf_v2 function

* Updates to use new list_pdf_v2 function

* Update README

* Updats alameda to reflect not using update

* Not needed

* Moved to /template/

* Currently unknown if this will work.

* Updated to reflect the new list_pdf_v3 (not updated)

* Updated to reflect the new list_pdf_v2 (Do not update)

* Delete url_name.txt

* Updates as suggested in PR
https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Unneeded

* Updated per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Changes per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Fixes per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Adds explanation of the custom `get_info` to readme, and marks it's location in the code

* Documented why this script should not be updated to use common library

* Outdated comment removed

* Changed as suggested here
https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Provides some explanation to the base_scripts

USA/CA/alameda/README.md, after:

This readme should give people everything they need to maintain the scraper.

# Summary
This scraper saves data into a seperate folder if it has `daily` in the `name`. **DO NOT** attempt to update to use `list_pdf_scrapers` or `bs_common`, as the `get_files` function sorts the documents as they are downloaded by name.

Most data is private, only public data is the "Daily" activity log, monthly crime statistics, annual arrest and traffic statistics.
Time period of monthly stats: 02/2020 - 01/2021
Time period of annual arrest: 2016-2020

_Remove fields that were collected_
## Fields that could not be obtained within the PDAP legal guidelines:
**Note:** the naming convention for these fields may not be consistent across data sources
* _id
* _state
* _county
* CaseNum
* FirstName
* MiddleName
* LastName
* Suffix
* ArrestDate
* FilingDate
* OffenseDate
* DivisionName
* CaseStatus
* DefenseAttorney
* PublicDefender
* Judge
* ChargeCount
* ChargeStatute
* ChargeDescription
* ChargeDisposition
* ChargeDispositionDate
* ChargeOffenseDate
* ChargeCitationNum
* ChargePlea
* ChargePleaDate
* ArrestingOfficer
* ArrestingOfficerBadgeNumber

# How to locate the data source
On main page: https://www.alamedaca.gov/Departments/Police-Department/Crime-Activity
Click "Monthly Crime Statistics"

Set `webpage` to the page with the pdf lists


Open a few pdfs and get the common file path for them, and set that as `web_path`


Set the `domain` to the beginning of the document host.


# Data refresh rate
Unsure, daily bulletin seems to be two days behind, and the monthly is nearly two months behind.

# Sample response
In the folder, include a JSON payload, a PDF, or anything that is representative of what kind of data we get back when we run this scraper. Truncate it if necessary.

# Legal
Is there anything specific to this jurisdiction we should know as we work?

# Data uniformity
There are no specific cases. Data is similar to other departments.
