USA/IN/README.md, before:

# Indiana

# Summary
The state of Indiana has 92 counties, each police department records their own data in different ways.

# How to locate the data source
Several jurisdictions use [CityProtect](htttps://cityprotect.com):
* [Arcadia Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/973eace0-866d-4f1f-99f8-af1922414682) - Arcadia, IN 46030
* [Bloomington Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/8f17da7e-0c1e-4218-82b0-4eb80d912537) - Bloomington, IN 47401
* [Carmel Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/carmelpd) - Carmel, IN 46032
* [Cicero Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/cc0d9a3d-50b2-4424-ae25-5699ba6eaff9) - Cicero, IN 46034
* [City of Fort Wayne](https://cityprotect.com/agency/None) - Fort Wayne, IN 46803
* [City of Portage](https://cityprotect.com/agency/5387f5c1-9c77-43c3-9601-f1ea47c9ff46) - Portage, IN 46368
* [Fishers Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/70d8655a-838f-466e-8451-9d21177cbd04) - Fishers, IN 46038
* [Gary Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/8cf90c1f-1a56-4c65-936f-7cc642d19167) - Gary, IN 46402
* [Greensburg Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/f58da0db-3507-453b-ba88-7f410bc30953) - Greensburg, IN 47240
* [Hamilton County Sheriff](https://cityprotect.com/agency/a6e1d369-e503-4c21-bf7e-701e3d3ff4eb) - Noblesville, IN 46060
* [Hammond Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/4965c497-6cb1-4272-90e7-ac8c93d5b6b4) - hammond, IN 46320
* [Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department CR](https://cityprotect.com/agency/impd) - Indianapolis, IN 46204
* [Lafayette Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/lafayetteinpd) - Lafayette, IN 47901
* [Lawrence Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/lpd) - Lawrence, IN 46226
* [Mishawaka Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/mpd) - Mishawaka, IN 46544
* [Noblesville Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/3c31bbe9-e43b-4c94-8acc-5e3751947aa7) - Noblesville, IN 46060
* [PERRY TOWNSHIP SCHOOLS](https://cityprotect.com/agency/perryschools) - INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46227
* [Porter Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/13a39ccb-b1e7-465f-8cb7-4d8215ef2ec6) - PORTER, IN 46304
* [Sheridan Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/9e5e11c7-c241-4e87-b7fc-3a69182023c2) - Sheridan, IN 46069
* [South Bend Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/eae7fee6-b5eb-41ca-87d7-bdd80571540d) - South Bend, IN 46601
* [Speedway Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/speedwayin) - Speedway, IN 46224
* [St. Joseph County Sheriff's Office](https://cityprotect.com/agency/c931d802-53ab-4975-867c-f2cfc3dc3b77) - South Bend, IN 46601
* [University of Notre Dame](https://cityprotect.com/agency/e665fc3a-f933-4446-a3fa-3fe45baf35d7) - Notre Dame, IN 46556
* [Westfield Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/7cc4f8d1-96b8-4d8d-b511-e3ef59c02493) - Westfield, IN 46074

Indiana Court Data can be found [here](https://public.courts.in.gov/home/portal)

# Data refresh rate
More high volume / main city departments like Carmel or IMPD update more frequently (almost daily) than the rural departments, such as Greensburg (updates at the end of the year).

# Sample response
In `USA/IN/marion/data`

# Legal
Is there anything specific to this jurisdiction we should know as we work?

# Data uniformity
Are cases or records numbered in a consistent (or inconsistent) way that might be helpful to note?

Commit message:

Added more info on IN data
Found more info on state court data, there is a process to obtain that data the right way.

USA/IN/README.md, after:

# Indiana

# Summary
The state of Indiana has 92 counties, each police department records their own data in different ways.

# How to locate the data source
Several jurisdictions across the state use [CityProtect](htttps://cityprotect.com):
* [Arcadia Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/973eace0-866d-4f1f-99f8-af1922414682) - Arcadia, IN 46030
* [Bloomington Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/8f17da7e-0c1e-4218-82b0-4eb80d912537) - Bloomington, IN 47401
* [Carmel Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/carmelpd) - Carmel, IN 46032
* [Cicero Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/cc0d9a3d-50b2-4424-ae25-5699ba6eaff9) - Cicero, IN 46034
* [City of Fort Wayne](https://cityprotect.com/agency/None) - Fort Wayne, IN 46803
* [City of Portage](https://cityprotect.com/agency/5387f5c1-9c77-43c3-9601-f1ea47c9ff46) - Portage, IN 46368
* [Fishers Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/70d8655a-838f-466e-8451-9d21177cbd04) - Fishers, IN 46038
* [Gary Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/8cf90c1f-1a56-4c65-936f-7cc642d19167) - Gary, IN 46402
* [Greensburg Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/f58da0db-3507-453b-ba88-7f410bc30953) - Greensburg, IN 47240
* [Hamilton County Sheriff](https://cityprotect.com/agency/a6e1d369-e503-4c21-bf7e-701e3d3ff4eb) - Noblesville, IN 46060
* [Hammond Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/4965c497-6cb1-4272-90e7-ac8c93d5b6b4) - hammond, IN 46320
* [Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department CR](https://cityprotect.com/agency/impd) - Indianapolis, IN 46204
* [Lafayette Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/lafayetteinpd) - Lafayette, IN 47901
* [Lawrence Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/lpd) - Lawrence, IN 46226
* [Mishawaka Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/mpd) - Mishawaka, IN 46544
* [Noblesville Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/3c31bbe9-e43b-4c94-8acc-5e3751947aa7) - Noblesville, IN 46060
* [PERRY TOWNSHIP SCHOOLS](https://cityprotect.com/agency/perryschools) - INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46227
* [Porter Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/13a39ccb-b1e7-465f-8cb7-4d8215ef2ec6) - PORTER, IN 46304
* [Sheridan Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/9e5e11c7-c241-4e87-b7fc-3a69182023c2) - Sheridan, IN 46069
* [South Bend Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/eae7fee6-b5eb-41ca-87d7-bdd80571540d) - South Bend, IN 46601
* [Speedway Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/speedwayin) - Speedway, IN 46224
* [St. Joseph County Sheriff's Office](https://cityprotect.com/agency/c931d802-53ab-4975-867c-f2cfc3dc3b77) - South Bend, IN 46601
* [University of Notre Dame](https://cityprotect.com/agency/e665fc3a-f933-4446-a3fa-3fe45baf35d7) - Notre Dame, IN 46556
* [Westfield Police Department](https://cityprotect.com/agency/7cc4f8d1-96b8-4d8d-b511-e3ef59c02493) - Westfield, IN 46074

Indiana Court Data can be found [here](https://public.courts.in.gov/home/portal), however their Terms of Service state if you are wanting Bulk Data then you must go [this route](https://www.in.gov/courts/iocs/statistics/bulk-data/), fill out some forms and it appears there is a cost to get the data

# Data refresh rate
More high volume / main city departments like Carmel or IMPD update more frequently (almost daily) than the rural departments, such as Greensburg (updates at the end of the year).

# Sample response
In `USA/IN/marion/data`

# Legal
Is there anything specific to this jurisdiction we should know as we work?
 - State court data needs to go through the proper [Bulk Data form](https://www.in.gov/courts/iocs/statistics/bulk-data/)

# Data uniformity
Are cases or records numbered in a consistent (or inconsistent) way that might be helpful to note?
 - Indiana Court Data does have a format outlined [here](https://www.in.gov/courts/rules/admin/index.html#_Toc60037232)
