USA/CA/butte/README.md, before:

This readme should give people everything they need to maintain the scraper.

# Summary

Time period of booking logs: As of writing, 01/15/2021-Current day

_Remove fields that were collected_
## Fields that could not be obtained within the PDAP legal guidelines:
**Note:** the naming convention for these fields may not be consistent across data sources
* _id
* _state
* _county
* ~~CaseNum~~ **MAYBE, data contains `Reference #`, unsure of meaning**
* ~~FirstName~~
* MiddleName
* ~~LastName~~
* Suffix
* ~~DOB~~
* Race
* Sex
* ArrestDate
* FilingDate
* OffenseDate
* DivisionName
* CaseStatus
* DefenseAttorney
* PublicDefender
* Judge
* ~~ChargeCount~~
* ~~ChargeStatute~~   **Assuming this means the same as `ChargeCode`
* ~~ChargeDescription~~
* ChargeDisposition
* ChargeDispositionDate
* ChargeOffenseDate
* ChargeCitationNum
* ChargePlea
* ChargePleaDate
* ArrestingOfficer
* ArrestingOfficerBadgeNumber


Other fields:
* ~~Inmate #~~
* ~~BookingDate~~
* ~~BookingTime~~

# How to locate the data source
Under `I WANT TO...` > `MEDIA ACCESS` > `See the booking logs`

# Data refresh rate
Booking Logs: Appears to be daily
Bulletin: Daily (previous day's info) **Currently no scraper for bulletin**

# Sample response
In the `data` folder

# Legal
The usual "Don't DOS us"
`You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Sheriff and Coroner Web Sites.`


# Data uniformity
Booking logs (in `data/arrests`) are in the date format of `mmdd-mmdd` with BL (probably Booking Logs) on the end. See example in `data/arrests/`

Commit message:

Adds new common scrapers & Updates scripts to utilize it. (#47)
* Moves extract_info to common folder

* Uses extract_info from common

* removed unneeded line

* Not needed

* Makes list_pdf_v2 an importable library

* Uses the new list_pdf_v2 library

* No longer needed with list_pdf_v2

* Unneeded line removed

* Update list_pdf.md

* Adds better url handling

* changes lsit_pdf_v2 function parameters

* update to reflect changes to list_pdf_v2 function

* Update README

* Updates citrus_college to use list_pdf_v2 function

* Updates to use new list_pdf_v2 function

* Update README

* Updats alameda to reflect not using update

* Not needed

* Moved to /template/

* Currently unknown if this will work.

* Updated to reflect the new list_pdf_v3 (not updated)

* Updated to reflect the new list_pdf_v2 (Do not update)

* Delete url_name.txt

* Updates as suggested in PR
https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Unneeded

* Updated per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Changes per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Fixes per https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Adds explanation of the custom `get_info` to readme, and marks it's location in the code

* Documented why this script should not be updated to use common library

* Outdated comment removed

* Changed as suggested here
https://github.com/Police-Data-Accessibility-Project/Scrapers/pull/47/files/df61e2001b215192c40054fce92ddf9605c93814#r607430724

* Provides some explanation to the base_scripts

USA/CA/butte/README.md, after:

This readme should give people everything they need to maintain the scraper.

# Summary

This scraper can't easily be updated to import from `common/bs_scrapers`
Time period of booking logs: As of writing, 01/15/2021-Current day

_Remove fields that were collected_
## Fields that could not be obtained within the PDAP legal guidelines:
**Note:** the naming convention for these fields may not be consistent across data sources
* _id
* _state
* _county
* ~~CaseNum~~ **MAYBE, data contains `Reference #`, unsure of meaning**
* ~~FirstName~~
* MiddleName
* ~~LastName~~
* Suffix
* ~~DOB~~
* Race
* Sex
* ArrestDate
* FilingDate
* OffenseDate
* DivisionName
* CaseStatus
* DefenseAttorney
* PublicDefender
* Judge
* ~~ChargeCount~~
* ~~ChargeStatute~~   **Assuming this means the same as `ChargeCode`
* ~~ChargeDescription~~
* ChargeDisposition
* ChargeDispositionDate
* ChargeOffenseDate
* ChargeCitationNum
* ChargePlea
* ChargePleaDate
* ArrestingOfficer
* ArrestingOfficerBadgeNumber


Other fields:
* ~~Inmate #~~
* ~~BookingDate~~
* ~~BookingTime~~

# How to locate the data source
Under `I WANT TO...` > `MEDIA ACCESS` > `See the booking logs`

# Data refresh rate
Booking Logs: Appears to be daily
Bulletin: Daily (previous day's info) **Currently no scraper for bulletin**

# Sample response
In the `data` folder

# Legal
The usual "Don't DOS us"
`You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Sheriff and Coroner Web Sites.`


# Data uniformity
Booking logs (in `data/arrests`) are in the date format of `mmdd-mmdd` with BL (probably Booking Logs) on the end. See example in `data/arrests/`
