Base_Scripts/Scrapers/README.md, before:

This readme should give people everything they need to maintain the scraper.

# Summary
Is there anything in particular of note with the scraping landscape in this jurisdiction?
Time period of data (e.g. 06/01/2017 to 03/20/2021)

_Remove fields that were collected_
## Fields that could not be obtained within the PDAP legal guidelines:
**Note:** the naming convention for these fields may not be consistent across data sources
* _id
* _state
* _county
* CaseNum
* FirstName
* MiddleName
* LastName
* Suffix
* DOB
* Race
* Sex
* ArrestDate
* FilingDate
* OffenseDate
* DivisionName
* CaseStatus
* DefenseAttorney
* PublicDefender
* Judge
* ChargeCount
* ChargeStatute
* ChargeDescription
* ChargeDisposition
* ChargeDispositionDate
* ChargeOffenseDate
* ChargeCitationNum
* ChargePlea
* ChargePleaDate
* ArrestingOfficer
* ArrestingOfficerBadgeNumber

# How to locate the data source
Give instructions for locating the data source. A URL for a JSON file is OK, but how did you navigate there?

# Data refresh rate
For example "daily at 8pm EST" or "every Friday, usually before noon"

# Sample response
In the folder, include a JSON payload, a PDF, or anything that is representative of what kind of data we get back when we run this scraper. Truncate it if necessary.

# Legal
Is there anything specific to this jurisdiction we should know as we work?

# Data uniformity
Are cases or records numbered in a consistent (or inconsistent) way that might be helpful to note?

Commit message:

Not sure why we have two, but updated it to match the newer version

Base_Scripts/Scrapers/README.md, after:

This readme should give people everything they need to maintain the scraper.

Please stick to [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) when modifying this readme.  

Note: Ensure your scraper calls the etl.py file. Even if there is nothing in there now, the scraped data will need to be loaded into our database and the etl.py file is what will handle that!

# Source info
Be sure to [update the dataset](https://www.dolthub.com/repositories/pdap/datasets) if there's anything that should be stored there.

## Data refresh rate
For example "daily at 8pm EST" or "every Friday, usually before noon"

## Legal
Include the Terms of Service (or link to them). Is there anything else we should know?

# Fields to collect:
_Move these fields to the appropriate list below when you submit your scraper._

* _id
* _state
* _county
* CaseNum
* FirstName
* MiddleName
* LastName
* Suffix
* DOB
* Race
* Sex
* ArrestDate
* FilingDate
* OffenseDate
* DivisionName
* CaseStatus
* DefenseAttorney
* PublicDefender
* Judge
* ChargeCount
* ChargeStatute
* ChargeDescription
* ChargeDisposition
* ChargeDispositionDate
* ChargeOffenseDate
* ChargeCitationNum
* ChargePlea
* ChargePleaDate
* ArrestingOfficer
* ArrestingOfficerBadgeNumber
* BookingNum
* BookingDate
* WarrantNum
* BailAmount
* SearchIncident

## Fields unobtainable within our legal guidelines:

## Fields not available:

## Fields being collected:

## Fields available not present on the list above:

## Data uniformity
Are cases or records numbered in a consistent (or inconsistent) way that might be helpful to note?

# Sample response
In the folder, include a JSON payload, a PDF, or anything that is representative of what kind of data we get back when we run this scraper. Truncate it if necessary.
